This is the key to the king of Building 1, Genting Tiangong
What is the king of Building 1?
That's impossible.
How could he possibly have the key to the king of Building 1?
Where did you get this key, boy?
Tell me if you stole it
Where did I get it? What does it have to do with you?
The bastard ran out of the Qin family
You dare to steal from such a big man
I see you are tired of living
The person surnamed Shen originally thought you were just poor
I didn't expect to reveal my true nature so soon
Really cheap
How come?
Xu Shao, you are free to come over today
What's going on here?
Manager Wang, you are here at the right time.
There's a pariah
Stole the key to the No. 1 Dragon King of the Qin family
Take him out now
But a sword in the sky
Maybe Miss Qin will reward you with your key
This key
You really stole it?
This key is the Miss Qin in your mouth
Please take it
If you don't believe me, you can contact and ask.
What a big dog gall
You not only deny your guilt
And also insulted Qin Xiaoqin
I suggest you kneel down and kowtow now
I will kill you
I can tell you
Breaking Through the Genting Sky
Security has the right to deal with it
Pretending to be forced to come to Genting Tiangong
I really don't know
Are you sure what you want to do?
I ask clearly